weather service on todo na jiya venue
mahaprabhu so NASA philippine area of
responsibility Oh piernas ambegaon Henry
is a Napoleon tropical storm julito una
montaña PAGASA eight hundred sixty
kilometers chance of a salon and Angie
one eastern samar mela hastam hanging
nessa 65 km/h malaysia kitna at books on
Iapetus 80 km/h bahay tombu melissa
kilos 99 km/h said direction north
northwest a choppa gossip orchestra
hindi po ito in aashayein mcclellan pole
ambegaon Henry solomon pond in an
atomizer at ganun din alipin apparatus
attracting the weather company in a
solemn aspetto at McGee is hanging up
the buggy a typhoon siren and lingo pero
d 2 po pag nakita not eaten coolio
putting a linear a no go ahead young too
young area of uncertainty at malacañang
possibly purring luma appetito genzoman
order a new zone is a fanatic diaper bag
and on i unpack haha comba yo dito sir
hanging Habagat comic papa Olaniyan
weekend yamuna cooling Oh big navigate
on yamaha r 0 dito sama ba-ba-ba-ba
gasolina Janza bicol region at Zahav on
Lenin and a western section and listen
kasama na i am i laughing Bahuguna
messiahs at jen's a Mindanao at selling
go Mullen / info just a messiah should
navika penn yan pull a bullet d'lonian
angangseh mindanao mula pugh umaga
anhang ganga be at solution Assange
google engine samimi ropa mindoro
palawan at jen's a Bicol Region Sam
metro manila muhammad azam cha cha Wulin
bubas pooyan angangseh lingo at dynamo
salga Patong Patong Glenda anima put a
potna an appetite Vasya Sadako San
NDRRMC a veto sorry ma mapa makita 18v
nakamura vienes away jansa prevention
and laguna seen on Denis tonin casa one
cavite at batangas sabika regional una
nena go pit-a-pat lamont wanna eat alan
s away at jen's ax al by zero casualty
hey Monica Puzo sapana hounam simona
mahalo gang banging I am ready I tenant
latest molesta GMA whether a la piscina
Daniel Cruz bano para sigurado I am
ready selfish of the co ngon GMA news